Lucas is the guy who repeatedly says
this I don't know why either I don't I
really know but let's find out joining
us live now from la boum headquarters
newly rejected bachelor lucas yanti
hello Lucas how are you good
better than ever my friend do great let
me ask you how do you wind up on The
Bachelorette in the first place oh good
good question thank you should as always
um well you know the producers brought
me in I had a an interview of course and
towards the end of the interview they
kind of asked me you know give any
special skills and of course I was like
yeah you know I got I got to you know
things in my belt and I said I could do
some juggling and I had a nice pincher
impression that they really really love
really
they love ya they say I'll do a little
bit of it so we can get a sense of what
they saw
okay so Jimmy I'm going to need you to
just say Ventura and then and then I'll
get out all right
[Laughter]
you know what forget it it's alright
I'll do it
did I say it like I'm asking you a
question or I'm meeting you like oh
there he is
alright then true I'm a man and I'm not
gonna die hey isn't you ready ok
Ventura yes sitting oh I'm sorry you
sounded like somebody else it is that's
the tank
Oh alright so you helped you wowed them
with an impression from a movie that
came out 25 years ago and what is the
origin of wah boom when did you start
while booming
I've been while booming since the womb I
didn't love it didn't catch on like you
hoped it would because I know you came
right out of the gate saying wah boom
and I guess in hopes that it would be
come alike a thing did he catch on in
the way you were hoping uh you know I it
caught on in the way that I was hoping
but of course there's always haters and
lovers I mean you can you can relate to
that right Jim yeah I mean it's kind of
like this Caucasians so in tonight's
episode you said something I want to ask
you about you said this about your arch
rival Blake I don't think that I like
and I think he just doesn't like me
flying I don't know if it's like a crush
on me and
oh my bad you peel a banana you know I
woke up and I'm like why why is mr.
Ellers with the gel know that happen
city mmm banana everybody okay
okay so then Rachel confronted Blake and
he denied this totally did you really
wake up in the middle of the night see
him eating a banana over you you know if
either happened or it was a nightmare
but you know Blake following me around
and you know just getting after me as
you see in the episodes it's like so you
made that story up or there's just a
fantasy
nighttime I head it was a factory it was
a bad dream okay now lake was very upset
and well here's what happened after that
what up Lucas come in I just want to say
you bro Ricky you're here for the wrong
reasons
I got drug into your I see right through
you
I know why you're here and it killed me
why am I here you're here to be on TV
and why is that because you are a one
event comedian you're a washed-up joke I
can't help but feel like if you weren't
here I would have had a real shot at
getting to know Rachel but because you
were too busy with your name I'm making
it out of this experience I'm going home
you win Lucas wah boom yeah
[Laughter]
do you think it was your fault that
Blake got eliminated I think it was
Blake's fault that I got eliminated well
I think Gandhi would like any of this at
all what is it I know Bob Boone guy tell
us what's your plan you're going forward
besides of course you've got to be on
bachelor in paradise that seems
predetermined but besides that what else
we give it no you know to be honest it's
this whole wall boom thing you know this
shirt as you can see yeah
maybe I'll take off the jacket it's a
great-looking shirt yeah quit to be a
little bit of a gun show you know I mean
Jimmy you know when you got you got some
guns under that jacket yeah but uh no
it's uh I'm selling these shirts and all
the proceeds and all the profit is
actually going to charity so goes a
little fly off the shelves I am going
hey Dee remember was up you remember
that word what what yeah you'd be better
off making t-shirts that say that I
haven't
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and it didn't
subscribe anyway it's free who cares